# Privacy Policy

The Software Provider built the Application as a free Application. The Application is provided by the Software Provider at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the Collection and use of Your Personal Data when You use the Application.

We use Your Personal Data to provide and improve the Application. By using the Application, You agree to the Collection and use of Your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will not use or share Your Personal Data with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalised have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Application, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such an individual is accessing or using the Application, as applicable.

- __Software Provider__ (referred to as either "the Software Provider", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to GeNextAppLabs.

- __Application__ means the Fires In Victoria software built by the Software Provider and downloaded by You on any Device.

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Application such as an android mobile or digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is information which is identifiable as being about You.

- __Usage and Diagnostics Data__ refers to data generated by the use of the Application or from the Device infrastructure itself.

- __Collect__ (referred to as either "Collect", "Collected" or "Collection" in this Agreement) means transmitting data from the Application off Your Device.

## Types of Personal Data Collected
### User Provided Data

We do not Collect any of this type of data.

### Usage and Diagnostics Data

Usage and Diagnostics Data is Collected automatically, with Your prior permission, when You access the Application through Your Device. We may Collect certain data including, but not limited to, Device name, the type of Device You use, Your Device unique identifier, Your Device's internet protocol address (IP address), Your Device's operating system version, the time and date You used Our Application, crash reports and other diagnostic and statistical data. This data is Collected from Devices whose users have opted-in to automatically share their Usage and Diagnostics Data.

### Data We Collect as You use Our Application

We do not Collect any of this type of data.


## How We use Your Personal Data
### Usage and Diagnostics Data

Usage and Diagnostics Data is used by Us to analyse and diagnose 'crashes' and 'application not responding' errors (ANRs) that affect the operation of Our Application. Crash and ANR data are available from Your Device for the previous two months. You can opt-in or opt-out of the automatic Collection of Usage and Diagnostics Data at any time by using Your Device's settings app.


## Data Retention and Managing Your Personal Data
### Usage and Diagnostics Data

Usage and Diagnostics Data is held by Google where it is managed in accordance with [Google's Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

### Your opt-out rights
You can stop all Collection of Personal Data by the Application simply by uninstalling the Application.


## Third party access to Your Personal Data
### User Provided Data

We do not share this type of data with third parties.

### Usage and Diagnostics Data

Usage and Diagnostics Data is Collected automatically, with Your prior permission, by Google where it is used in accordance with [Google's Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

### Data We Collect as You use Our Application

We do not share this type of data with third parties.


## Children’s Privacy

We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided Us with information without their consent, he or she should contact Us by email at genextapplabs@gmail.com


## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use industry best practice methods to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Last updated: 1 December 2025**


## Contact Us

If You have any questions about Our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact Us by email at genextapplabs@gmail.com

